Added articles for the Grid and TreeList pager template (#1342)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/templates/overview.md

* [column chooser]({%slug grid-templates-column-chooser%})  - the contents of the column chooser in the column menu. You can use this template to provide custom rendering.

> * [pager]({%slug grid-templates-pager%}) - modifying the pager layout, content, and functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [pager]({%slug grid-templates-pager%}) - the template modifies the layout, content, and functionality of the Pager.
```
